CNV#73301: Deprecation notice of ephemeral hotplug volumes (#103507)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-21-release-notes.adoc

[id="virt-4-21-deprecated_{context}"]
== Deprecated features

Ephemeral hotplug disks are deprecated::

> Ephermeral hotplug disks, which provide the capability of adding additional storage without restarting your VM, is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. You can use `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes` for this purpose instead.

Reviewer: This description is accurate however the feature gate that is to be deprecated is just called `HotplugVolumes`. It allows the the creation of these "ephemeral hotplug volumes", which are hotplug volumes that persist only for the lifetime of the running vm instance and are not recreated on vm restart. The new `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes` feature gate that will superseded `HotplugVolumes` does not support the use of ephemeral hotplugs.

Author: @Dsanatar is the rewrite good to implement, or would you say it needs more work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `HotplugVolume` feature gate, which provides the capability of adding additional storage without restarting your VM, is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. This feature gate will be replaced by `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`.  This will also deprecate the use of ephemeral hotplug volumes (volumes that are hotplugged to a VMI and do not persist in owner VM) as they are not supported by `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`

NOTE: when switching to `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`, any existing ephemeral hotplug volumes will be unplugged the next time the VM reconciles
```
Something like this to include the notice of deprecating the use of ephemeral hotplugs, defining what they are, as well as outlining how they will be impacted when switching to the new feature gate.

Author: ```suggestion
The `HotplugVolume` feature gate, which allows you to add storage without restarting your VM, is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. This feature gate will be replaced by `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`.

NOTE: `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes` does not support ephemeral hotplug volumes. Ephemeral hotplug volumes are volumes that are hotplugged to a VMI and do not persist in the owner VM. Existing ephemeral hotplug volumes are automatically detached after you switch to `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`.
```

Sorry for the late reply, I got the notification in my personal email /o\ 
OK I have another revision here, I tried to smooth out the language, make it more direct, and keep the technical details.

[id="virt-4-21-deprecated_{context}"]
== Deprecated features

The `HotplugVolume` feature gate is deprecated::

The `HotplugVolume` feature gate, which allows you to add storage without restarting your VM, is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. This feature gate will be replaced by `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
+
```

> NOTE: `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes` does not support ephemeral hotplug volumes. Ephemeral hotplug volumes are volumes that are hotplugged to a VMI and do not persist in the owner VM. Existing ephemeral hotplug volumes are automatically detached after you switch to `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
`DeclarativeHotplugVolumes` does not support ephemeral volumes. Ephemeral volumes are hot plugged to a VMI and do not persist in the owner VM. Existing ephemeral volumes that are hot plugged are automatically detached after you switch to `DeclarativeHotplugVolumes`.
====
```

s/hot plug/hotplug based on the [Red Hat Supplementary Style Guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#hot-plug)

> link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CNV-73301[CNV-73301]

Reviewer 2: This Jira is restricted to Red Hat employees and Contractors only, so the build check is throwing an error. Can you change the security level or point to a Jira that is public?
